Maintenance mode option that's mean.
Do you want to put the horse into maintenance mode so you seat disable any removable media device connected
to the virtual machine on the horse.
If you remember when we want to make a motion for our vision machine if this virtual machine connected
to a removable media device or a CD driver does not allow you to make our migration so the same if you
want to migrate of virtual machine you chose to automatically disable any other media device to avoid
another of them.
So this option available when you chose does not change the empower states.
That's mean.
When the process of updating different software is X I number one what's happened to the vitriol machine
I've ever.
But I want we chose do not change Davian power state lets me keep the vitriol machine up to state that
it was a victory machine audit of list then bought it off.
If they are bolted on let them pour it on.
So in this case we should.
Is the hide's ability that will make great the virtual machine from that E-6 I hope to do other Isak's
I host.
So in this case we chose the not chance to be in power on then we should disable any removable media
device to avoid the problem of failure of the motion that birthrate and Trillion Monthan smart in case
of fire.
That's mean if phyla happen to migrate between a machine it should give it another try.
After five minutes for the number of city of three every five minutes he would try to purchase Haast
in dimensions mode to start the installation of the new update.
Then we have to respond but your machine doesn't mean it will respond.
It depends which machine you see right here disable any removable device become available so you don't
need to disable mijo from this host because the virtual machine will be suspended or we chose part of
the same.
That's mean it's where the power of the difference is that your machine or just pawn them into the installation
completes and dimension's mode.
The saved then we have enabled Poche remediation of powerit on the XTi.
Another option that we're not going to cover in this course.
If you want to know what does he eat booty toast you make Aqua Axert good.
So it's not important now situation.
Then you have this option save as a default Haast remediation.
That's me when we reinstall a new update.
Again this approach will save it for another restoration.
So we chose save as the default host remediation option so we click next.